.TH "VERSAO_P2I.wh_filter" 3 "Mercredi 3 Août 2016" "VERSAO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
VERSAO_P2I.wh_filter \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Fonctions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBwhfilter\fP (a, weights=None, lamb=1600, p=3)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBx\fP = np\&.arange(200);"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBy\fP = \fBx\fP**2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fByp\fP = \fBwhfilter\fP(\fBy\fP,lamb=0\&.01,weights=1\&./(1+np\&.abs(\fBy\fP)));"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlabel\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Description détaillée"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
  Smoothing of Spectra using Whittaker-Handerson Graduation Method
  Copyright (c) 2013, rhambach. 
    This file is part of the TEMareels package and released
    under the MIT-Licence. See LICENCE file for details.
    you can find the script on:
    https://github.com/rhambach/TEMareels/blob/master/tools/wh_filter.py

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Documentation des fonctions"
.PP 
.SS "def VERSAO_P2I\&.wh_filter\&.whfilter ( a,  weights = \fCNone\fP,  lamb = \fC1600\fP,  p = \fC3\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Generalized Whittaker-Handerson Graduation Method
Parameters
----------
a : array-like
      The input array, shape (n,)
weights : array-like or None
      Weights
lamb : float
      The relative importance between goodness of fit 
      and smoothness (smoothness increases with lamb).
p : integer, default 3
      The degree of smoothness. We minimize the p-th 
      finite-differences of the graduated data. Examples:
      p=2 Hodrick-Prescott filter;
      p=3 Whittaker-Henderson method;
      Note: moments 0..p-1 will be conserved by graduation

Returns
-------
out : array
      The smoothed data
References
----------
implementation of scikits.statsmodels.tsa.filters.hp_filter.py
Alicja S. Nocon & William F. Scott (2012): "An extension of the 
   Whittaker-Henderson method of graduation", Scandinavian 
   Actuarial Journal, 2012:1, 70-79
Whittaker, E. T. (1922). "On a new method of graduation", 
   Proceedings of the Edinburgh Mathematical Society 41,63-75.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Documentation des variables"
.PP 
.SS "VERSAO_P2I\&.wh_filter\&.label"

.SS "VERSAO_P2I\&.wh_filter\&.x = np\&.arange(200);"

.SS "VERSAO_P2I\&.wh_filter\&.y = \fBx\fP**2"

.SS "VERSAO_P2I\&.wh_filter\&.yp = \fBwhfilter\fP(\fBy\fP,lamb=0\&.01,weights=1\&./(1+np\&.abs(\fBy\fP)));"

.SH "Auteur"
.PP 
Généré automatiquement par Doxygen pour VERSAO à partir du code source\&.
